# Referral Bonuses

Referrals from people who already work at Lattice are one of the best signals we can get about whether or not a candidate will be successful at Lattice. Lattice employees understand Lattice’s needs and what it’s like to work at Lattice, and their relationship with the candidate means they know a lot more than we can learn during an interview process.

In order to get good referrals, everyone needs to know which positions are open, know how to start the recruiting process, have time to search their network, and feel aligned with the company incentives. Open positions should be posted on [our site](latticemarkets.com/jobs), [angel list](angel.co/latticemarkets/jobs) and also in the Slack [#hiring](https://latticemarkets.slack.com/messages/hiring/) channel so that everyone sees who we’re trying to hire. We’ll discuss on the first week of every month about which positions are open and go through everyone’s online networks looking for and thinking about candidates. Employees will do initial outreach to interesting connection, which will give us a good space to talk about how we start the recruiting process.

**We offer a £1,000 referral bonus for any new hire that comes from an employee referral to help align company incentives with individual incentives.** All employees (except the founders) are eligible for the referral bonus. The referral date can’t be earlier than the date the job is posted and the hiring of the referred employee has to happen within 180 days (six months) of the initial referral. The referral must represent the candidate’s first contact with Lattice, and only the first employee to refer a candidate can get the bonus. The referrer should send the candidate’s information to the relevant Founder(s), should make an introduction to the candidate, and should expect to be engaged during the recruiting and interview process. The referring employee must still be employed by Lattice during the hired candidate’s first 30 days of employment, and will be paid within 90 days of the referred employee’s first day. Any disputes or interpretations of this program should be sent to the CEO.
